About Our project:

For our first paired project we wanted to combine the material we have learned in our first phase of Flatiron School’s bootcamp: HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JSON. We created a website that allows the user to search Spotify’s API for any artist/ song. Upon searching, the user is presented with a search result list on the left side where they can click on a search result and the details of that song will be loaded in the center of the website. The user will also have a song name, artist, album, duration and album artwork visible. In the center of the website, the user can view the song details and add it to the playlist on the right. The great part about this website is that once a user adds a song to the playlist, that information is stored on our JSON server, available to the user even after navigating away from our site and coming back. The HTML is as minimal as we could make it, while our JavaScript takes care of manipulating the DOM and adding lots more elements. Our CSS is responsive to window resizing which we found to be a challenge at first, but we managed to get it working. The FETCHs that we have in our code is a GET FETCH from Spotify API and a GET, POST and DELETE FETCH from our db.json. We enjoyed having a challenge of creating a project from scratch although styling is easier said than done. Overall, collaborative development can be very helpful to allow for teams to meet shorter deadlines and improve productivity.

2021 - Kenny Yoon, Zeus Ramirez.